Enable xip.io integration by default - bump (#2795)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/04-04-gke-installation.md

> This Installation guide shows developers how to quickly deploy Kyma on a [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/) (GKE) cluster. Kyma installs on a cluster using a proprietary installer based on a Kubernetes operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Installation guide shows developers how to quickly deploy Kyma on a [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/) (GKE) cluster. Kyma installs on a cluster using a proprietary installer based on a Kubernetes operator.

By default, Kyma installs on a GKE cluster using a wildcard DNS provided by [xip.io](http://xip.io). Alternatively, you can provide your own domain for the cluster. 
```

- [Google Cloud Platform](https://console.cloud.google.com/) (GCP) project
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) account
- [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/)
- A domain for your GKE cluster (optional)

## Prepare the GKE cluster

1. Select a name for your cluster. Set the cluster name and the name of your GCP project as environment variables. Run:
    ```
    export CLUSTER_NAME={CLUSTER_NAME_YOU_WANT}
    export PROJECT={YOUR_GCP_PROJECT}
    ```

2. Create a cluster in the `europe-west1` region. Run:
    ```
    gcloud container --project "$PROJECT" clusters \
    create "$CLUSTER_NAME" --zone "europe-west1-b" \
    --cluster-version "1.11.5" --machine-type "n1-standard-2" \
    --addons HorizontalPodAutoscaling,HttpLoadBalancing,KubernetesDashboard
    ```

3. Install Tiller on your GKE cluster. Run:

    ```
    kubectl apply -f installation/resources/tiller.yaml
    ```

4. Add your account as the cluster administrator:
    ```
    kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding --clusterrole=cluster-admin --user=$(gcloud config get-value account)
    ```
    
## DNS setup and TLS certificate generation

> >**NOTE:** By default, Kyma installs on a cluster using a wildcard DNS provided by `xip.io`. If you don't own a domain which you can use or you don't want to assign your domain to a cluster, skip this section.

Reviewer: This piece of information should be added to the very beginning of the document. The note here could be a bit shorter and guide to the next section the user should read when using XIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Execute instructions from this section only if you want to use your own domain. Otherwise, proceed to [this](#installation-install-kyma-on-a-gke-cluster-prepare-the-installation-configuration-file) section. 
```
